hi guys it's you in with your arches and
you're joining the heat at the Glasgow
scale of our annual Fashion Show for
their 30 years when n say to the
designers are getting up to show their
collections to the clouds as an
institution steeped in history the only
had met the most promising young talent
and design intakes today was each year
and some of their graduates have gone on
to work with some of the biggest names
in the industry including Diane von
Furstenberg Celine John Lewis and all
saints as well as going on to establish
their own successful design businesses
such as blueberry and ninth-inning just
a couple let's go and say the MU see
what the best i'll have to offer the
actually is electric with all of the
designers really anxious to show their
collections to the close there's another
show later this evening followed by
another future model and followed by the
after-show party at the art solution
given something i'm sure all the shoes
detectors are really looking forward to
you